you know it's harvest season when you
see bit idea of squash and pumpkins all
around and today I'm going to use this
winter squash I pick on squash to make
my squash masala ready YUM full of
flavor something different for you to
try
it's not easy cutting this acorn squash
they are very resistant to your knife so
after much struggle I was able to cut it
in half
and now I'm just going to scoop out this
seeds and grind and then we're gonna
carefully remove the skin and cut it in
small pieces while removing the skin and
then we'll cut in small pieces
winter squash pecan squash and small
pieces and now we'll go ahead and cook
it not now to cook it we'll put it in a
pan add some water bring the water to a
boil and then let it simmer to get that
nice silky texture so squash is in the
pan and just starting the water will add
water just enough to cover them because
we want to use this water we don't want
we don't want to discard water so that's
why I don't ask too much so just waiting
for the water to come to a boil
and then and then we will turn down the
heat cover the pan and let our squash
simmer the squash has been simmering in
water for 15-20 minutes here it looks
done nice and tender you can see it's
soft to the touch and I'm just gonna
mash it a little bit here our masala
base I have here 2 tablespoons of oil
and in this I'm going to go ahead and
add pinch of asafoetida that's hink
we'll go ahead and add
for one teaspoon of black mustard seeds
mustard seeds are preferring
all right look at that beautiful pumpkin
squash masala that has come along and
just to garnish we'll go ahead and add
cilantro leaves go ahead enjoy this
winter squash masala today and do
subscribe to eat East Indian channel for
more exciting recipes